
	Plaintiff’s REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS TO DEFENDANT Cynthia Fake

	COMES NOW the Plaintiff, ANDREW EAST, by and through the undersigned counsel and pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.370, and hereby requests Defendant, Cynthia Fake, to admit in writing the truth of the fourteen (14) numbered matters set forth below on or by the forty-fifth (45th) day after service of this Request for Admissions.
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
	I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served upon said Defendant, along with the Summons and Complaint.





Plaintiff’s REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS TO DEFENDANT Cynthia Fake


Jurisdiction for the Complaint filed by Plaintiff is properly brought before the Circuit Court in Miami-Dade County, Florida.

Service of process against Defendant Cynthia Fake in this action was proper.

This is an action for damages in excess of thirty thousand dollars ($30,000.00). 

The action brought against Defendant Cynthia Fake correctly and properly names the owner of the vehicle involved in the collision which is the subject of Plaintiff’s Complaint.

Defendant driver was operating a motor vehicle on or about April 22, 2021 on or near State Road 50, in Groveland, Lake County, Florida.

The motor vehicle operated by Defendant driver was owned by Defendant Cynthia Fake and being operated by Defendant driver with the knowledge, permission, and consent of Defendant Cynthia Fake.

Defendant driver was negligent in the operation of the motor vehicle which resulted in the subject collision with Plaintiff's vehicle.

Defendant driver received a citation issued by the investigating law enforcement agency arising out of the subject accident.

Defendant driver pled guilty and/or was adjudicated in relation to said citation in connection with the subject accident.

Plaintiff was injured in the subject accident.

Plaintiff suffered a permanent injury within a reasonable degree of medical probability resulting from the subject accident.

Plaintiff was not guilty of negligence which caused or contributed to the subject accident.

Plaintiff incurred medical expenses for treatment of injuries resulting from the subject accident.

Plaintiff's medical expenses were reasonable and necessary for the care and treatment of the injuries sustained in the subject accident.
