	
NOTICE OF SERVICE OF INTERROGATORIES TO DEFENDANT Cynthia Fake

	COMES NOW the Plaintiff, ANDREW EAST, by and through the undersigned counsel, pursuant to Rule 1.340, Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, and hereby gives notice of propounding Interrogatories to Defendant Cynthia Fake, the attached interrogatories, to be answered within 45 days from the date of service hereof. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
	I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served upon said Defendant, along with the Summons and Complaint.


								
Preston Blair, Esquire
FBN:  
Morgan & Morgan Fort Myers PLLC
703 Waterford Way, Ste. 1000
Miami, FL 33126
Telephone Phone:  (901) 333-1823
Facsimile: (901) 524-1787
Primary email: pblair@forthepeople.com
Secondary email: 
Attorneys for Plaintiff
INTERROGATORIES TO DEFENDANT Cynthia Fake

Plaintiff, ANDREW EAST, by and through the undersigned counsel, propounds the attached Interrogatories, numbered one (1) through twenty-four (24) to Defendant Cynthia Fake, to be answered, under oath, within forty-five (45) days from the date of service.

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
	I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served upon said Defendant, along with the Summons and Complaint.




INTERROGATORIES TO DEFENDANT Cynthia Fake

PLEASE INSERT YOUR ANSWERS IN THE SPACE PROVIDED BELOW EACH INTERROGATORY.  SHOULD ADDITIONAL SPACE BE NEEDED, PLEASE ATTACH AN EXTRA SHEET.  "YOU" AND "YOUR" REFER TO THE DEFENDANT TO WHOM THESE INTERROGATORIES ARE DIRECTED.  DEFENDANT INCLUDES ALL AGENTS, SERVANTS, OR EMPLOYEES OF THE DEFENDANT.  IF ANSWERING FOR ANOTHER PERSON OR ENTITY, ANSWER WITH RESPECT TO THAT PERSON OR ENTITY, UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED.

1.	What is the name and address of the person answering these interrogatories, and, if 	applicable, the person's official position or relationship with the party to whom the 	interrogatories are directed?






2.	List all former names of Defendant and when it was known by those names. State all addresses of Defendant for the past ten (10) years, the dates at each address, your Social Security number/Tax ID number, and date of birth. 






3.	Describe any and all policies of insurance which you contend cover or may cover you for 	the allegations set forth in Plaintiff's Complaint, detailing as to such policies the name 	of the insurer, the number of the policy, the effective dates of the policy, the available 	limits of liability, and the name and address of the custodian of the policy.







4.	Describe in detail how the incident described in the Complaint happened, including all 	actions taken by the driver of Defendant’s vehicle to prevent the incident.






5.	Describe in detail each act or omission on the part of any party to this lawsuit that you 	contend constituted negligence that was a contributing legal cause of the incident in 	question.








6.	State the facts upon which you rely for each affirmative defense in your Answer.








7.	Do you contend any person or entity other than you is, or may be, liable in whole or part 	for the claims asserted against you in this lawsuit?  If so, state the full name and address 	of each such person or entity, the legal basis for your contention, the facts or evidence 	upon which your contention is based, and whether or not you have notified each such 	person or entity of your contention.







8.	Was the driver of Defendant’s vehicle charged with any violation of law (including any regulations or ordinances) arising out of the incident described in the Complaint?  If so, what was the nature of the charge; what plea or answer, if any, was entered to the charge; what court or agency heard the charge; was any written report prepared by anyone regarding the charge, and, if so, what is the name and address of the person or entity who prepared the report; do you have a copy of the report; and was the testimony at any trial, hearing, or other proceeding on the charge recorded in any manner, and, if so, what is the name and address of the person who recorded the testimony.






9.	List the names and addresses of all persons who are believed or known by you, your agents, or your attorneys to have any knowledge concerning any of the issues in this lawsuit; and specify the subject matter about which the witness has knowledge.







10.	Have you heard or do you know about any statement or remark made by or on behalf of 	any party to this lawsuit, other than yourself, concerning any issue in this lawsuit?  If so, 	state the name and address of each person who made the statement or statements, the 	name and address of each person who heard it, and the date, time, place, and substance 	of each statement.







11.	State the name and address of every person known to you, your agents, or your attorneys who has knowledge about, or possession, custody, or control of, any model, plat, map, drawing, motion picture, videotape, or photograph pertaining to any fact or issue involved in this controversy; and describe as to each, what item such person has, the name and address of the person who took or prepared it, and the date it was taken or prepared.







12.	Do you intend to call any expert witnesses at the trial of this case?  If so, state as to each 	such witness the name and business address of the witness, the witness's qualifications 	as an expert, the subject matter upon which the witness is expected to testify, the 	substance of the facts and opinions to which the witness is expected to testify, and a 	summary of the grounds for each opinion.








13.	Have you made an agreement with anyone that would limit that party's liability to anyone 	for any of the damages sued upon in this case?  If so, state the terms of the agreement 	and the parties to it.







14.	Please state if you have ever been a party, either plaintiff or defendant, in a lawsuit other than the present matter, and, if so, state whether you were plaintiff or defendant, the nature of the action, and the date and court in which such suit was filed.






15.	Has the driver of Defendant’s vehicle worn glasses, contact lenses, or hearing aids at any time?  







16.	Was the driver of Defendant’s vehicle suffering from physical infirmity, disability, or sickness at the time of the incident described in the Complaint?  If so, what was the nature of the infirmity, disability, or sickness?






17.	Did the driver of Defendant’s vehicle consume any alcoholic beverages or take any drugs or medications within twelve (12) hours before the time of the incident described in the Complaint?  If so, state the type and amount of alcoholic beverages, drugs, or medication which were consumed, and when and where the Defendant driver consumed them.




18.	Did any mechanical defect in your motor vehicle contribute to the incident? If so, describe the nature of the defect and how it contributed to the incident.







19.	List the name and address of all persons, corporations, or entities who were registered 	title owners or who had ownership interest in, or right to control, the motor vehicle that 	the defendant driver was driving at the time of the incident described in the Complaint; 	and describe both the nature of the ownership interest or right to control the vehicle, and 	the vehicle itself, including the make, model, year, and vehicle identification number.








20.	At the time of the incident described in the Complaint, did the driver of the vehicle 	described in your answer to the preceding interrogatory have permission to drive the 	vehicle?  If so, state the names and addresses of all persons who have such permission.








21.	At the time of the incident described in the Complaint, was the driver of Defendant’s vehicle engaged in any mission or activity for any other person or entity, including any employer?  If so, state the name and address of that person or entity and the nature of the mission or activity.








22.	Was the motor vehicle that the driver of Defendant’s vehicle was operating at the time of the incident described in the Complaint damaged in the accident, and, if so, what was the cost to repair the damage?






23.		At the time of this incident, please explain or identify:

What the driver of Defendant’s vehicle was doing. 

Where the driver was going. 

The purpose for the driver’s travel. 

Her employer, including name, address, phone number, duration of employment, and terms of employment relationship. 






24.		List the names, titles, and addresses of all persons who have provided information, aid or assistance in answering any issues addressed in these interrogatory questions, and give a brief summary of the information or assistance rendered by that person(s).



SIGNATURE PAGE




STATE OF 				

COUNTY OF 					



	Sworn to (or affirmed) and subscribed before me by means of 	 physical presence or 		 online notarization, this 	 day of 				, 2022, by  								.

 	 Personally Known or 		 Produced Identification

Type of Identification Produced 						


										
				Notary Public
										
				My Commission Expires:

