To: +17865985570 Page: 04 of 12 2021-11-08 14:00:01 EST 18666747481 From: Production Primary

MORGAN & MORGAN

AUTHORIZATION FOR RELEASE OF PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION (PHT)
UNDER. HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT (HIPAA)

L. The undersigned patient named below, hereby executes this authorization in compliance
with the Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, HIPAA, 45 CFR 164.164.

2, This authorization is directed to the following healthcare provider, (including its agents,
employees and associates):

MD Now Urgent Care

Attention: Medical Records Department

eee nO SN pt ht YE a

9971 W Flagler St B 240
Miami, FL 33174

3. The above-named healthcare provider is requested to release the protected health information
(PHI) that is described below, to the patient’s representative,

Morgan & Morgan
703 Waterford Way
Suite 1050
Miami, FL 33126
Attention; Jennifer Urbay

4. The protected heaith information released herein is specifically as follows:

All medical information of any nature whatsoever, from any source whatsoever, which is maintained by
you in your records regarding the referenced patient and which is requested by my attorneys. If you are a
physician or out-patient clinic, you are authorized to send your entire chart upon their request, including
not only the records dictated or written up by you, but also handwritten notes, telephone memoranda,
outside records, correspondence, or any other tangible item maintained in my chart.

If you are a hospital, you are authorized to release my complete records including x-rays or similar
studies, office notes, face sheets, discharge summaries, history and physical, intra-operative records,
anesthesia records, operative records, recovery room, pathology reports, medication administration
records, EKG reports, EKG strips, EEG reports, EEG strips, therapy notes, orders, progress notes,
laboratory results, nurses notes, vital sign sheets, intake/output records, reports of all x-rays,
mammograms, CT scans, MRIs or PET scans, and emergency room records, transfer records, operative
reports, anesthesta records, admitting summary, discharge summary, discharge instructions, personal
property list, in-patient records, out-patient records, clinic records, correspondence, photographs,
videotapes, telephone messages, computer gencrated information, medical bills, pharmacy and drug
records, health insurance forms, insurance claim forms, insurance payment forms, Medicaid or Medicare
records, concerning any medical treatment that [| have received from you, at your institution, or which you
keep in the regular course of business. / hereby authorize release of all records regarding mentai health,
psychiatric, chemical dependency or HIV. A photo static copy of this authorization shall be as valid as
the original.

Note: a Copy of this Autharization Shall Be Treated as an Original
