78/25/21 CONSENT/AOB

Integrity Medical Group, LLC

Insurer and Patient Please Read the Following in its Entirety

I, the undersigned patient/insured knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally assign the rights and benefits of my automobile Insurance, also known as
Personal Injury Protection (P.1.P.), and Medical Payments policy of insurance to the above health care provider. 1 understand it is the intention of the
provider to accept this assignment of benefits in lieu of demanding payment at the time services are rendered and that this document will allow the provider
to file suit against an insurance company for payment of the insurance benefits. This assignment of benefits includes overdue interest payments and any
potential claim for common law or statutory bad faith. If the insurer disputes the validity of this assignment of benefits then the insurer is instructed to
notify the provider in writing within five (5) days of receipt of this document. Failure to inform the provider shall result in a waiver by the insurer to contest
the validity of this document. The undersigned directs the insurer to pay the health care provider directly without including the patient’s name on the
check.

The insurer is directed by the provider and the undersigned to not issue any checks or drafts in partial settlement of a claim that contain or are accompanied
by language releasing the insurer or its insured/patient from liability unless there has been a prior written settlement agreed to by the health provider and
the insurer as to the amount peyable under the insurance palicy or contract. The provider hereby objects to any reductions or partial payments. Any partial
or reduced payment, regardless of the accompanying language, issued by the insurer and deposited by the provider shall be done so under protest, at the
risk of the insurer, and the deposit shall not be deemed a waiver, accord, satisfaction, discharge, settlement or agreement by the provider to accept a reduced
amount as payment in full. The insurer is hereby placed on notice that this provider reserves the right to seek the full amount of the bills submitted.

If the insurer schedules a defense examination or examination under oath (herein after “EUO") the insurer is hereby INSTRUCTED to send a copy of said
notification to this provider. The provider or the provider's attorney is expressly authorized to appear at any EUO or IME set by the insurer. The health
care provider is not the agent of the insurer or the patient for any purpose.

This assignment applies to both past and future medical expenses and is valid even if undated. A photocopy of this assignment is to be considered as valid
as the original. I agree to pay any applicable deductible, co-payments, for services rendered after the policy of insurance exhausts, and for any other services
unrelated to the automobile accident. The health care provider is given the power of attorney to endorse my name on any check for services rendered by
the above provider and to request any statements or examinations under oath the patient provided to any insurer.

Release of information: I hereby authorize this provider to: furnish an insurer, an insurer's intermediary, the patient’s other medical providers, and
the patient’s attorney via mail, fax, or email, with any and all information that may be contained in the medical records; to obtain insurance coverage
information in writing (declaration sheet) and telephonically from the insurer; request from any insurer all explanation of benefits (EOBs) for all providers
and non-redacted PIP payout sheets; obtain any statements the patient provided to the insurer; obtain copies of all medical records, including but not
limited to, documents, reports, scans, notes, bills, opinions, X-rays, IMEs, and MRIs, from any other medical provider or any insurer. The provider is
permitted to produce my medical records to its attorney in connection with any pending lawsuits. The insurer is directed to keep the patient's medical
records from this provider private and confidential and the insurer is not authorized to provide these medical records to anyone without the patient's and
the provider's prior express written permission.

Demand: Demand is hereby made for the insurer to pay all bills within 30 days without reductions and to mail the latest non-redacted PIP payout sheet
and the insurance coverage declaration sheet to the above provider within 15 days. The insurer is directed to pay the bills in the order they are received.
However, if a bill from this provider and a claim from anyone else are received by the insurer on the same day the insurer is directed to not apply this
provider's bill to the deductible. If a bill from this provider and claim from anyone else is received by the insurer on the same day then the insurer is
directed to pay this provider first before the policy is exhausted. In the event this provider's medical bills are disputed by the insurer for any reason the
undersigned hereby instructs the insurer to set aside any smount disputed (i.e., to escrow the money) and not pay the disputed amount to anyone, including
myself, or any entity until the dispute is resolved. The insurer is instructed to immediately explain in writing to the above provider of any dispute.

Certification: | certify that: ] have read and agree to the above; | have not been solicited or promised anything in exchange for receiving health care; I
have not received any promises or guarantees from anyone as to the results that may be obtained by any treatment or service; 1 agree the provider's prices
for medical services, treatment and supplies are reasonable and customary.

Caution: Please read before signing. If you do not completely understand this document, please ask us to explain it to you. If you sign
below we will assume you understand and agree to the above.

1

¥ 304, Winter Park, FL 32789

KISSIMMEE, 206 w. Oak Street, Suite 8, Kissimmee, FL 34741
LAKE MARY, 978 International Parkway, Suite 1440, Lake Mary, FL 32746

THE VILLAGES, 17820 SE 109th Avenue. Ste. 104 Summerfield, FL 34491

EN 2"¢:8/25/21 CONSENT/AOB

Page 9 of 25

