Do you drink alcohol?: No.
Substance Abuse History?: No.
Patient's Occupation: LPN.
Marital Status: Single.
Number of Children: 2.
Pregnant: No.

Allergies
N.K.D.A.

Hospitalization/Major Diagnostic Procedure
Denies Past Hospitalization

Review of Systems
All Other Systems:

Review of Systems (ROS) See review of 13 systems (Constitutional, Dermatologic, HEENT, Endocrine, Cardiovascular,
Pulmonary, GI, GU, Musculoskeletal, Neurologic, Psychiatric, Allergies, Artificial Implants) patient check list on intake form. This
was reviewed .

Vital Signs
Ht 66 in, Wt 180 Ibs, BMI 29.05 Index, BP 111/75 mm Hg, HR 70 /min, Ht-cm 167.64 cm, Wt-kg 81.65 kg.

Examination
Neuro Exam:

Soto Hall : Negative.

Cervical Compression test : Negative.

Kemp's Test : Positive.

Straight Leg Raise : Negative.

Cervical spine range of motion : Mildly reduced.

Lumbar spine range of motion : Mildly reduced.

Spinal palpation exam : tenderness to palpation in the lumbar region above the belt line.

Hoffman's Sign Negative.

Clonus Negative.

Imaging:

MRI Cervical Exam Date: 07/28/2021 See report.

MRI Lumbar Exam Date: 07/28/2021 See report.
Neurological:

Cranial nerves including EOM, visual field testing to finger confrontation, facial movement, facial sensation to touch, tongue
protrusion, uvular movement, gross hearing, shoulder shrug and speech were without abnormality. Motor examination was within
normal limits measuring 5/5 bilaterally in the upper and lower extremities. Deep tendon reflexes were normal 1-2+ at the biceps,
triceps, brachioradialis, patellar, ankle jerks bilaterally without pathologic response. Sensory examination to fine touch is intact in
all four extremities in all dermatomes. Patient was able to heel and toe stand without problems.

General Examination:

Cardiovascular: The heart has a regular rate and rhythm. No murmurs or rubs were auscultated. Respiratory: Clear to
auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes, normal respiratory effort. Gastrointestinal: Abdomen is soft, non-tender and bowel sounds
present. Neurologic/Psychiatric: The patient is alert and oriented x 3. Mood and affect appropriate. Speech fluent.
Allergic/Immunologic/Lymphatic/Endocrine: No painful or enlarged nodes along the anterior cervical chain.

Assessments

1. Bulging lumbar disc - M51.26 (Primary)

2. Herniated nucleus pulposus, cervical - M50.20
3. Muscle spasms of neck - M62.838

4. Muscle spasm of back - M62.830

* Due to the patient's injuries noted above, which impair their ability to function normally; I believe that their condition met the
criteria for an (Emergency Medical Condition) under Florida Statute HB 119.

Treatment

1. Bulging lumbar disc

Start Ibuprofen Tablet, 800 MG, 1 tablet with food or milk as needed, Orally, Three times a day, 30, 90, Refills 1
Start Methocarbamol Tablet, 500 MG, 1-2 tablets, Orally, at night, 30 day(s), 60, Refills 1

2. Herniated nucleus pulposus, cervical
Stop Ibuprofen

3. Others

Page 3 of 25
