INTEGRITY MEDICAL GROUP, LLC

LIEN LETTER
Date:

RE:

| do hereby authorize you, my attorney, to pay directly to integrity Medica! Group, LLC, such sums as may be due
and owing it for medical services rendered me by reason of the accident on
and to withhold such sums from any settlement, judgment or verdict as may be necessary to adequately protect
Integrity Medical Group, LLC.

| understand that Integrity Medical Group, LLC, will not be filing a claim to my health insurance company, if one
exists, for services rendered as a result of this accident. In the event that | am a third-party beneficiary under a
contract between integrity Medica! Group, LLC and my health insurance carrier, | hereby voluntarily and intentionally
waive and relinquish my rights privileges and advantages as a third-party beneficiary under that contract.

{understand that the provider has the right to assign the collection rights for medical expenses related to the medical
care | received to an”assignee” or “third party”. Lastly, | understand that | will not be liable for any amount of other
than the actual amount listed in the”Services Bilt” from the medical provider

| agree never to rescind this document and that rescission will not be honored by my attorney. | also agree and
understand this document to be valid upon my signature. | hereby instruct that in the event another attorney is
substituted in this matter, the new attorney honor this lien as inherent to the settlement and enforceable upon the
Cases as if it were executed by him.

| fully understand that | am directly and fully responsible to integrity Medical Group, LLC for all medical bills and
services rendered to me and that this agreement is made solely for the additional protection of Integrity Medical
Group, LLC and in consideration of the Integrity Medical Group’s awaiting payment. | further understand that as the
recipient of the medical services, | remain personally responsible for the payment of these services even if
unsuccessful in my liability claim and that payment for these medica! services is not contingent on any settlement,
judgment or verdict | may receive. | hereby further state and agree that a photocopy of this document is deemed
as valid and binding on all parties involved as the Original. | further understand that this provider lien is assignable
and transferable.

Patient’s Signature:

A Mogan

This facility holds an assignment/lien on this case for medical services rendered. Any settlement of this claim
without honoring this assignment/lien will cause you to be responsible to this facility for payment.

A)

Attorney/Law Firm Name: ios Y\ (\ y)

WINTER PARK: 180) Lee Road. #304. Winter Park, FL. 32789
KISSIMMEE * 206 W. Oak Si. Ste B Kissimmee, FL. 34761.
LAKE MARY: 978 International pkwy, Suite 1440. Lake Mary, FL 32746
THE VILLAGES: 17820 SE 10ethAvenue. STE 104. Summerfield, FL. 34491

oc Name:8/25/21 INTAKE FORMS
5
